Update Log

21/12/27
	Rewrote all the code for sciences

21/12/26
	Rewrote the enlightenment completion code to take the hinderance into consideration
	Made collect limes line up with other buttons
	Widened the trade tab for easier use :)
	Made the options UI more pretty
	Removed desktop / mobile mode
	Fixed misaligned skills divs
	Changed learn a new skill color to the default special button color
	Changed buy juicers color
	Reworded the toggle actions button
	Removed disease tile symbol option
	Reworded collect limes to gather
	Fixed bug with pie bar not filling after reloading and filling without having sell pie selected
	Completely reworked the pie bar
	Completely reworked the Coins To Alpha bar
	Completely reworked the Instant Skiller to work while a skill is running
	Completely reworked the hiring / application system

21/12/21
	Fixed bug with beta coin bar restarting too quickly
	Fixed tasks not immediately showing up
	Removed pie price change stopping pie selling task selection
	Cleaned pie.js
	Fixed bug with pie bar running multiple functions
	Cleaned enlightenment.js

21/12/20
	Added the concept of Hinderances to the enlightenments task
	Added decimation, blight, resistance, anticartography, famine
	add the ability to select an enlightenment and a hinderance
	fixed a bug with map purchasing
	Cleaned the main.js file :)

21/12/17
	Added more enlightenments and wisdom upgrades
	Added a new game ending
	Removed references to real limes (for now)
	Added the ability to buy more wisdom with beta coins or pie coins 
	Added respect to buy wisdom as well
	Fixed bug where enlightenment goals dont have commas


21/12/14
	Fixed collect limes + stop actions buttons size incorrection
	Added the favicon + description of the game in google
	Added tooltips to values that have maximums (coins and alpha coins)
	Added Scavenging. Current Loot:
		Limes: Adds limes to your inventory
		Nutrition Ring: Increases the length of Auto Collecting
		Nutrition Rate Ring: Increases the rate of Auto Collecting
		Smart Seller: Automatically stops selling juice when you have reached your maximum coins
	Removed the storage confirmation option from UI.
	Fixed a bug with the delivery bar not completing / not starting.
	Added the Enlightenment, a new task that lets you start from scratch to reach a goal for bonuses.
		Currently 1 enlightenment.
		
		

21/12/05
	After purchasing a field, the option to purchase another doesn't disappear until you refresh
	UNSOLVED: some ios devices double tap zoom 


21/12/03
	Fixed bug where changing pie price causes all actions to stop
	Made skill bars run more smoothly
	Made eat bar run more smoothly
	Dramatically improved performance (14ms per update -> 2.5ms)
	Changed the Don't Toggle button to the Toggle Actions button
	Added tooltips:
		Toggle Actions tooltip
		10,000 Respect Milestone Tooltip
	Lakes can now be changed while in a task
	Change lake button color
	Removed upgrade broker from upgrades tab (not permanent)
	Removed excess files
	Fixed patrician / plebian area disappearing
	Fixed science allocation sometimes going below 0
	Removed Reset button from the disease task
	Some actions continued even after resetting game
	Removed the General Store and the Patrician + Plebian Area
	Changed the shape of the forest
	Changing lake amount while in game changed point increase
	

21/11/25
Bugs / Aesthetic:
	To Fix:
		Research sometimes not moving
		Cant tell when research is moving
		You should be allowed to collect limes with the enter key just raising and lowering
		Golden limes wither away too quickly
		Game stops running in other tab
	Fixed:
		Knifebidextrous not unlocking peelers
		Can't collect limes while the auto collector is working
		Selling pies for a few thousand pie coins makes it go instantly
		You can buy fields no matter what
		Peelers not working
		Bars going up in jumps
		Skills going up in jumps
		10m map not showing up
		Benevolence not working unless toggled
		Swamp area auto unlocking
		Rotten wisdom starting with max skill level = 25
		Warehouse capacity restarts after refreshing
		Field only working with 2x2 grid of squares
		Collect limes button not available while auto collecting
		UI shifting when collecting / losing rotten limes
		Not able to click a skill / ability without toggling
		Enter The Well button automatically appears before filling the well
		Science equations dont exist, console error
		Benevolence equation doesnt exist, console error
		


	
	

21/11/19
Gameplay:
	Added Train delivery type

21/11/17
Gameplay:
	Completely rewrote the code for fields

21/11/15
Gameplay:
	Added the ability to hire pie merchant employees in the Hiring Area
	Added the Alpha Coin to Beta Coin Broker
	Added the Wishing Well
	Added bucket steel plating to increase height
Bugs / Aesthetic:
	Changed the code for Vertical Bars
	Changed the layout of the js files
	Fixed tiles not updating in the Field

21/11/12
Gameplay:
	Added Dont Toggle Button
	Added alpha coin bags

21/11/10
Gameplay:
	Added new tree type purchased from an orchardist for 1,000,000 coins.
	Added Golden Limes obtainable from that tree.
	Added a new tome + skill, Bitter Speed.
Bugs / Aesthetic:
	Bulk Researcher Transfer now shows up in Upgrades tab
	Eating rotten limes is now an option again
	Fixed bug where clicking Rotten Actual Wisdom automatically upgrades it for you.
	No longer gain golden limes when in the basic tree.
	Golden div only shows up after getting tree 2 unlocked.

21/11/09
Gameplay:
	Added the respect billboard to increase tasks speed.
	Added the Skill Trainer.
Bugs / Aesthetic:
	Reworded Convert Coins description.
	Fixed Motivation button not showing up.
	Fixed unlocking variables only when game reloads.
	Rewrote eval code.

21/11/07
Bugs / Aesthetic:
	Fixed unlocking new variables bug.

21/11/06
Bugs / Aesthetic:
	Fixed 'A Safe On Wheels' showing up before purchased.

21/11/05
Bugs / Aesthetic:
	Fixed flashing rotten limes text.
	Backpack hiding of UI element only appear when you have gotten those items before.
	Changed the way variable showing works.
	Rearranged UI buttons.
	Added border to juicers div & text boxes and changed background color.
	Changed special button color to brown.

